Temporal Scaler Trigger documentation (#1163)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.11/scalers/temporal-scaler.md

+++
title = "Temporal Scaler"
availability = "v2.12+"
maintainer = "Community"
description = "Scale applications based on Temporal Open Workflows"
+++

### Trigger Specification

This specification describes the `Temporal` trigger that scales based on Temporal Open Workflows.

```yaml
triggers:
  - type: temporal
    metadata:
      # Required fields
      address: 10.0.4.118:7233 
      threshold: '10'
      # Optional fields
      namespace: example-namespace
      serverName: "tls-sample"
      activationThreshold: '50'
      authModes: "tls" # Only tls is supported at the moment. Do not include this field for unsecured connectivity with Temporal.
```

**Parameter list:**

- `address` - The address of the Temporal Service.
- `threshold` - Value to start scaling for. (This value can be a float)
- `activationThreshold` - Target value for activating the scaler. Learn more about activation [here](https://keda.sh/docs/2.10/concepts/scaling-deployments/#activating-and-scaling-thresholds). 
- `namespace` - Namespace of the Temporal Workflow. Default is 'default'.
- `serverName` - If you are using a self signed certificate, you can provide the name 

> - `authModes` - Add this field with 'tls' if you need to communicate with Temporal using mTLS communication.
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: Massive nit
```suggestion
- `authModes` - Defines the authentication mode to use. Options are 'tls' if you need to communicate with Temporal using mTLS communication.

```
